Document `functions` property and replace Builders with Runtimes (#1443)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/network/overview.mdx

## Regions

> In order to route requests as fast as possible, the Network layer is running in dozens of locations across the world. In all of these locations (called **Regions**), you can create **Deployments** that create [Builds](/docs/v2/advanced/runtimes/) outputting **[Serverless Functions](/docs/v2/serverless-functions/introduction/)** and/or **Static Files.** The full list of regions can be found [here](/docs/v2/platform/regions-and-providers/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to route requests as fast as possible, the Network layer is running in dozens of locations across the world. In all of these locations (called **Regions**), you can create **Deployments** that create [Builds](/docs/v2/build-step) outputting **[Serverless Functions](/docs/v2/serverless-functions/introduction/)** and/or **Static Files.** The full list of regions can be found [here](/docs/v2/platform/regions-and-providers/).
```
